docs(ruby): add docs to publish ruby gem (#265)
readmeio/metrics-sdks: .github/MAINTAINERS.md

To publish a new version of the PHP package, after you mirror the codebase with splitsh, check out the [PHP mirror](https://github.com/readmeio/metrics-sdks-php) and create a new tag there. Once the tag is pushed back into Git, Packagist will automatically pick it up.

#### Ruby

> To publish a new version of the Ruby [package](https://rubygems.org/gems/readme-metrics/) bump the package version in `version.rb`, and then run `gem build readme-metrics` and `gem publish <BUILT_GEM>`. If you are prompted for credentials look for in the shared company 1Password under `RubyGems.org`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To publish a new version of the Ruby [package](https://rubygems.org/gems/readme-metrics/) bump the package version in `version.rb`, and then run `gem build readme-metrics` and `gem publish <BUILT_GEM>`. If you are prompted for credentials look ask your manager.
```
